Add documentation for using gRPC on macOS (#13568)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/aspnetcore.md

[!code-csharp[](~/grpc/aspnetcore/sample/GrcpService/GreeterService2.cs?highlight=6-7&name=snippet)]

## gRPC and ASP.NET Core on macOS

> Kestrel doesn't support HTTP/2 with [Transport Layer Security (TLS)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5246) on macOS. The ASP.NET Core gRPC template and samples use TLS by default, and you will see this error message when you attempt to start the gRPC server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kestrel doesn't support HTTP/2 with [Transport Layer Security (TLS)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5246) on macOS. The ASP.NET Core gRPC template and samples use TLS by default. You'll see the following error message when you attempt to start the gRPC server:
```

> Unable to bind to https://localhost:5001 on the IPv4 loopback interface: 'HTTP/2 over TLS is not supported on OSX due to missing ALPN support.'.

> To workaround this issue you must configure Kestrel and the gRPC client to use HTTP/2 **without** TLS. You should only do this during development. Not using TLS will result in gRPC messages being sent without encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this issue, configure Kestrel and the gRPC client to use HTTP/2 **without** TLS. You should only do this during development. Not using TLS will result in gRPC messages being sent without encryption.
```

Kestrel must configure a HTTP/2 endpoint without TLS in `Program.cs`:

> ```cs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

public static IHostBuilder CreateHostBuilder(string[] args) =>
    Host.CreateDefaultBuilder(args)
        .ConfigureWebHostDefaults(webBuilder =>
        {
            webBuilder.ConfigureKestrel(options =>
            {
                // Setup a HTTP/2 endpoint without TLS.
                options.ListenLocalhost(5000, o => o.Protocols = HttpProtocols.Http2);
            });
            webBuilder.UseStartup<Startup>();
        });
```

> The gRPC client must set the `System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler.Http2UnencryptedSupport` switch to true and use `http` in the server address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gRPC client must set the `System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler.Http2UnencryptedSupport` switch to `true` and use `http` in the server address:
```

```csharp
// This switch must be set before creating the HttpClient.
AppContext.SetSwitch("System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler.Http2UnencryptedSupport", true);

var httpClient = new HttpClient();
// The port number(5000) must match the port of the gRPC server.
httpClient.BaseAddress = new Uri("http://localhost:5000");
var client = GrpcClient.Create<Greeter.GreeterClient>(httpClient);
```

> [!WARNING]

> > HTTP/2 without [Transport Layer Security (TLS)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5246) should only be used during app development. Production applications should always use transport security. Visit [Security considerations in gRPC for ASP.NET Core](xref:grpc/security#transport-security) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> HTTP/2 without [Transport Layer Security (TLS)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5246) should only be used during app development. Production applications should always use transport security. For more information, see [Security considerations in gRPC for ASP.NET Core](xref:grpc/security#transport-security).
```
